Add support for React 19 (#3138)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/vendor/react-number-format/README.md

# react-number-format

> This code was copied from [s-yadav/react-number-format](https://github.com/s-yadav/react-number-format), specifically [v5.2.2](https://github.com/s-yadav/react-number-format/tree/v5.2.2), the version before a bug was introduced that breaks controlled inputs for locales that use `.` as the thousand separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code was copied from [s-yadav/react-number-format](https://github.com/s-yadav/react-number-format), specifically [v5.2.2](https://github.com/s-yadav/react-number-format/tree/v5.2.2). Later versions introduce a bug that breaks controlled inputs for locales that use `.` as the thousand
```
